#summary Exercise 6_7: Color and Content-Based Image Retrieval

=== Introduction ===

One application of image processing is image retrieval. Given an
input image, return a set of the most similar images from a given 
collection. One challenge in image retrieval is defining similarity
among images. However, before similarity can be defined, there must 
be a way to specify the features that can be used for comparison. 
One way to describe an image is by its color composition, specifically
color histogram. In this exercise, a prototype image retrieval system is 
implemented using color histogram as basis for similarity comparison.

=== Results and Discussion ===

The implemented system, COBAIR, is a web application that allows the
user to specify an image URL as input. The system will return the most
similar images to the input image after the user clicks the search button.
The system also allows the user to add images to the collection. 
When adding an image to the collection, the system does not store the 
image itself but only the location (URL) and the computed image descriptor
(color histogram). 

The prototype system is not optimized. Since the feature used to describe
each image in the collection is the image color histogram, the feature 
vector has a dimension of 768 since the RGB colorspace was used. Also, the
retrieval itself is slow because the entire image collection is searched
sequentially.







=== Details ===

1. Collect 200 color images and combine your collections (1800 total)

2. Write a program that accepts a query image and creates a web page that displays the k most similar pictures 


=== References ===

1. http://old.hki.uni-koeln.de/teach/ws0708/VIP/tag9/ch01_Long_v40-proof.pdf